Total RP 2 is the sequel of Total RP, well known on roleplay realms.

Total RP 2 is based on exchanging information with other players via an in-game channel, automatically joined by the player when he logs in. This channel will be used to receive information from other players (character's description, story, items, location) and send your own information. You can make up a story for your character, deeply describe it and its personality and discover other characters.

You can also create custom items (food, tools, letters, books) and auras (appearance, magic, behavior) to use during role-playing sessions. Advanced options also allows you to create a quest-like system, to share with other, to interact with the environment and in-game characters.

This addon adds a great amount of roleplay features such as :

Characters, pets and mounts informations (names, titles, story, description, temper ...)
Item creation and inventory management
Document creation (Books, contracts, letters...)
Buff/debuff creation (called states)
Quest creation
Locate other role-players on the world map
Use custom languages (Draconic, Eredar)
And many more ! 


Total RP 2 est la suite du désormais connu Total RP.

Total RP 2 se base sur l'utilisation d'un canal d'échange d'informations dans le jeu. Lorsque le joueur se connecte, il rejoint automatiquement ce canal, qui servira à recevoir les informations (description du personnage, histoire, objets créés, localisation) des autres joueurs et à envoyer ses propres informations. Les joueurs peuvent ainsi se créer une histoire, approfondir l'apparence de leur personnage, décrire avec précision sa personnalité, et découvrir celles des autres.

Il est également possible de créer des objets (nourriture, gadget, cosmétiques, lettres, livres) et des auras (apparence, magie, comportement) à utiliser lors de sessions de jeu de rôle. Des options avancées permettent également de créer un système de quête, à partager avec les autres joueurs, permettant d'interagir avec l'environnement et les personnages du jeu.

L'addon ajoute un nombre incroyable de fonctionnalité RP comme :

Informations des personnages, montures et familiers (Nom, histoire, titres, personnalité, description ...)
Création et échange d'objet, gestion d'inventaires RP
Création de documents (livres, lettres, contrats...)
Création de buffs/debuffs RP (appelés états)
Création de quêtes
Localiser les autres rôlistes sur la carte du monde
Langues personnalisée (Draconique, Eredar)
Et plein d'autres choses !
Total RP's icon was made by Lady Kara

Curse link:  http://www.curse.com/addons/wow/totalrp2